ch6 minor (#948)
browserengineering/book: book/styles.md

- CSS is future-proof and supports browsers with different features

To achieve these goals, CSS extends the `style` attribute with two
related ideas: *selectors*\{CSS selector} and *cascading*. Selectors
related ideas: *selectors*\index{CSS selector} and *cascading*. Selectors
describe which HTML elements a list of property/value pairs
apply to:[^media-queries]
apply to.[^media-queries] The combination of the two is called a
*rule*\index{CSS rule}:

[^media-queries]: CSS rules can also be guarded by "media queries",
    which say that a rule should apply only in certain browsing
    environments (like only on mobile or only in landscape mode).
    Media queries are super-important for building sites that work
    across many devices, like reading this book on a phone.
    across many devices, like reading this book on a phone. We'll meet
    them in [Chapter 14](accessibility.md)

``` {.css .example}
selector { property-1: value-1; property-2: value-2; }
```

> Since one of these *rules*\{CSS rule} can apply to many elements, it's

Author: We discuss conflicts and cascading later down when we implement them, so I didn't see a need to discuss it right here where we're just introducing CSS rules.

class URL:
    def resolve(self, url):
        if "://" in url: return URL(url)
        if not url.startswith("/"):
            dir, _ = self.path.rsplit("/", 1)
            url = dir + "/" + url
        return URL(self.scheme + "://" + self.host + \
                   ":" + str(self.port) + url)
```

> Also, for some reason, browsers are responsible for resolving parent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also (because of the early-web architecture) browsers are responsible for resolving parent
```

Background color isn't inherited, but text color and other font
properties are.

Let's implement inheritance for four font properties: `color`,

> `font-weight` (`normal` or `bold`), `font-style` (`normal` or

Author: Ok, I can return it.

your parser. (If you haven't implemented `font-family`, just ignore
that part.)

*Inline Style Sheets*: The `link rel=stylesheet` syntax allows importing an
 external style sheet (meaning one loaded via its own HTTP request). There is
 also a way to provide a style sheet inline, as part of the HTML, via the
 `<style>` tag---everything up to the following `</style>` tag is interpreted
 as a style sheet.[^ordered] Inline style sheets are useful for creating
 self-contained example web pages, but more importantly are a way that web
 sites can load faster by reducing the number of round-trip network requests to
 the server. Since style sheets typically don't contain left angle brackets,
 you can implement this feature without modifying the HTML parser.

[^ordered]: Inline style sheets should apply after all external

> style sheets in the cascade, and apply in order of their position in the HTML.

Reviewer: https://drafts.csswg.org/css-cascade-3/#cascade-order

(doesn't single out inline styles as special)

> style sheets in the cascade, and apply in order of their position in the HTML.

Author: You're right, I don't know why I thought this.
